"Peppy the Pizza"

Characters:
Main Character: Peppy, a pepperoni pizza that can shoot pepperoni slices to defeat his enemies.
Enemies: Broccolis, Anchovies and the Pineapple.

Overview: Peppy the Pizza is on a mission to defeat the worst pizza toppings in history. In order to do so, he must defeat the Pineapple and his underlings (aka the Broccolis and the Anchovies) and overcome the obstacles along the way (aka the oil spills and the sinks).

Setting: A kitchen

Intro: Long ago, all the pizza ingredients lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the Pineapple attacked. Only the pepperoni pizza, Peppy, with its super"pizza" abilities could stop him. He will need the help of the power ups and the cheezys to stand a chance to defeat the Pineapple. (and of course, yours!)

Dialogue:
Level 1: 
Peppy: Do I smell something leafy in here?
Broccoli: You're talking bout' me, buddy?
Peppy: So that's where that awful stench came from!
Broccoli: How dare you! Prepare to meet your doom!
Peppy: Not if I out-pizza you first!

Level 2:
???: EEK-EEK-EEK (italicized) 
Peppy: What's that noise? Also, where is everybody?
Broccoli: Looking for me?
Peppy: A-ha! There you are! I hope you're ready for another slice of defeat!
Broccoli: Nuh uh! I've brought help thsi time! Behold, the deadly anchovies!
Anchovies: EEK-EEK-EEK (italicized)
Peppy: You think these little fishies could help you? Well. you thought wrong!

Level 3:
Peppy: Ah yes... the good old pizza-stic kitchen. Another fine day for a cheesy clash! But something feels... different...
*cuts to the Pineapple peeking through*
Peppy: Well I'm not gonna sit around and find out. Let's get down to some serious slicing business!
(After player defeats the broccolis and the anchovies)
Peppy: Phew! That was more intense than usual...
*The Pineapple starts to reveal himself*
Pineapple: MUAHAHAHAHA
Peppy: I knew something fruity was going on here!
Pineapple: Peppy... we meet at last.
Peppy: What do you want, Pineapple?
Pineapple: For too long, we have been looked down and discriminated by the human race. They treat us like @#$^!. Now, it's our time to fight back and dispose of all the other toppings! Only then will those puny humans show us the respect we deserve.
(After defeating the Pineapple for the first time, Pineapple upgrades.)
Pineapple: Not so fast, Peppy!
Peppy: We'll see about that!
(Defeats Pinepple for the second time)
Pineapple: No.....! *dies*

Outro:
*fades into the real world revealing that this was only an imaginary sequence by a kid*
*shows a kid eating ap pizza with pineapple pieces picked out*
Mom: Have you finished your lunch yet! Oh and I better not see any pineapples left on your plate!
Kid: Curse you Pineapple!!!
      